---
layout: post
title: Are Honeybees On The Collapse?
subtitle: My first Project
bigimg: /img/IMG_0238.jpeg
---

Vanishing…
Across the United States, up to one-third of the colonies kept by commercial/backyard beekeepers collapse each year, according to government surveys.
Beekeepers in the United States have been losing bees to a mysterious condition known as colony collapse disorder or CCD.
Exactly what's causing CCD, among the early suspects: parasites, climate change, and infections are among the main 3 to deliver a triple whammy for CCD.
Parasites: The bloodsucking Varroa (Vuh ROW uh) mite. Scientists have found evidence that these mites latch onto the back of an adult worker bee. Once inside the hive, it detaches itself and enters the cell of new baby bees to be born, thus weakening the whole hive and causing the collapse. 
Climate Change/deforestation: A changing climate can bring droughts or flooding that affect the availability of flowers, a bees life source, this makes bees more vulnerable than ever. Also, with the expansion of human development, wild bees have been losing their natural habitats as the land transitions into industrial agriculture.
Infections/pollution: Another explanation for the collapse of so many colonies is that the bees are forgetting their way home (again due to pesticides). In most cases, bees come in contact with only tiny amounts of these poisons. Normally these exposures would be too small to kill them. Still, even tiny amounts will move throughout a bee's body. About one-third will reach its brain, and that may be enough to confuse the bee. Bees travel up to 5 miles for water/food sources, and with all the pollution, they are losing their trail sent back to the colony, and would not survive.
